Hey, good morning, family. How are y'all
doing today? I have some things on my
heart to share with you. First off, I
just want to say thank you for all your
support. God bless you all. Thank you
from the bottom of our hearts; we just
want to say thank you
for
all the beautiful things that you all
have said. You know, there are a lot of
good emails. I've had over 70,000 emails
in the last week, and it's a little
overwhelming for us. If I seem
cranky in the comment section or
anything, I apologize. I have been
bombarded by a lot. We're doing the best
we can, but it doesn't give me
the
right to be cranky sometimes. I just
want to say forgive me if I have been.
There's a lot of the world on here,
and there are a lot of people that are
very hateful and very rude to
us. God bless you all, the
ones that are rude; we pray for you.
We truly do.
The Lord tells me, 'You've got to walk
in
love,'and
I'm like, 'Wow.'Like I
said, if they turn the channel off
tomorrow, you can find me on
our other YouTube channel. If you want
to subscribe to that, it's Come
Thrift with Me. We did it because my
wife likes to thrift, and we like to flip
things on eBay and Poshmark and other
platforms like that, like Facebook
Marketplace or whatever we can
do—that's
how we make our living.
We've been doing it
for like 11 years now,
and
God's been faithful. We've built a good
business out of it. A lot of people
go, 'Well, are
you
doing YouTube for
that?'No,
I do YouTube because God called
me to. My business and what I do
for a living is Poshmark and eBay.
I've been doing that
for a long time, and God has been
faithful. So, if you want to follow us
on our Come Thrift with Me channel,
it'll be a blessing.
If anything
happens and they shut this down—which I
don't know if they will or
not—but
okay. First off, I just want to tell
you all what happened at church on
Sunday. I was standing in the back
like I always do, and I was praying
during the service. The
service was outstanding. By the way, we
had a special guest speaker there: Mark
Hankins
was there. Powerful man of
God, moves in the gifts of the Spirit
with signs and wonders, and it was
awesome.
You all can go on his archives and watch
the service on Sunday night and it will
bless you at the Glorious Church
Fellowship, I believe, YouTube
channel. It might be there. You can
watch it if you want to help support
it. It's amazing; it would bless your
life. Mark Hankins was there
Sunday morning and Sunday night. So
I was standing in the back praying like
I always do, and all of a sudden the Lord
opened my eyes in the realm of the
spirit and I saw an open heaven over
that congregation. I saw the Lord
Jesus sitting up there, and He was
watching the service.
I could see the great cloud of
witnesses watching. I could see
them; they were peeking out over this
portal over the church and they were
watching. Oh my gosh,
the presence of the Lord was so
strong. I just sat in the back and
wept
because I could feel the
presence of the Holy Spirit. I'm telling
you, if you're dry, if you're thirsty,
what a place to go.
Then all of a sudden, the Lord showed me
a C-17. It's one of the big army
planes. It's a C-17, I believe, is what
it is—one of those big planes
that hold all of the major military
stuff. All of a sudden, that
plane—I
believe it's a C-17—I saw the plane
swoop in and start dropping stuff out of
the back of this plane in the spirit.
Healings,
anything that you've been believing for,
the Lord said He's bringing it. Do not
lose faith in believing for your
miracle. Believe that all things are
possible to him that believes. We are in
the last of the last seconds before the
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
People say, 'Oh, I've heard that all my
life.'I'm
trying to warn you that Jesus
is coming. Even like people say,
'Well, you say that it's been a year or
two years, whatever,'on the
scope of time, we're talking thousands
of years, folks. If it's 10 years,
that's nothing. How fast does a year go
now? It's like a snap of a
finger. We're already almost going into
the last half of the year.
We have
August, September, October, November,
December, and then 2024 is done. Look how
fast. I don't know if the year went by
fast for you all, but it went by very
fast for me so far. So, I'm telling you,
time is accelerating and we are on the
verge of a major outpouring. I'm telling
you, I believe with all my heart that
we're going to have a great harvest of
souls. I'm believing for a
billion-soul
harvest into the kingdom of God. A great
harvest of God's people coming into the
kingdom.
So back to the vision: I saw
that big plane dropping all those
packages and things that people were
believing for—demonstrations and
manifestations of His glory all over the
people. And I'm telling you, He told me
creative miracles are happening
right now in this atmosphere. He said,
'Brandon, people that have autoimmune
disease are being healed right
now.'I
could see it. And the Lord told me
autoimmune disease is being healed; I saw
fibromyalgia being healed last night.
I want to encourage
people that God is going to meet
you right where you are. If you're
believing for your miracle, if you're
believing for a touch for your finances
or whatever, I believe today is your day
for
your great turnaround. I believe
today is your day for your miracle of
your healing. If the symptoms
started with pain or whatever,
why can't
the beginning of your miracle
start with the absence of the
pain, the discomfort, or
the poverty being gone? It
could change just like that. Just
as
the symptoms came on, they're gone.
That's what's going to happen. I'm
telling you, it's going to be a
turnaround. And I believe with all my
heart, faith calls those things that be
not as though they were. And it's your
time for your manifestation. God is no
respecter
of persons, and what He'll do
for one, He'll do for another. It just
takes faith, and you just got to reach
out by faith and grab on to what
the Lord has for
you. Number two of what I
felt in my heart to tell you all: I was
praying, not last night, but
Saturday night. Saturday night I got a
call from Chris
Reed.
Amazing man of God, one of the most
humble people I've ever talked to on the
phone. I promise y'all, and I don't
say that flippantly because I'm not
trying to
name-drop.
This guy is a genuine man of God; he
loves the Lord, and it was
an honor to be able to talk to somebody
like him. So, I was on the phone with
him and I was praying. We prayed together;
he
said he was
praying for me and just wanted to let me
know he was lifting me up in prayer.
Well, I got off the phone with
him
and I was sitting there
interceding, and the Lord downloaded
to me. He said,
'Brandon, I want you to go back to Dana
Coverstone's prophetic
word—his
dream that he had about the covered wagon.'I went back and listened to it immediately when the Lord spoke to me, and I started listening to everything he was saying in that dream about the covered
wagon,
the rocking of it, and
Kamala
Harris on the wagon and Joe Biden
being on the donkey behind her. They
were hitting the donkey and Joe Biden
fell off. It didn't make it sound like
he went home; the way it
sounded to me was... Hillary came
up beside her, and she had a thing on
Trump's neck with a big key on it, with
mold on it and everything. Go listen to
that prophetic dream; I believe that was
four years off. I believe we're seeing
it manifest right now.
Go listen to it. It's going to
freak you all out because,
as
I said, if it
doesn't happen within that time frame, everyone
says,
"Oh, he's a false prophet.
Dana Coverstone's
weird."No,
go back and listen to it. God's timing
is
perfect. We all thought
there were a lot
of people that gave words about
2020 that said Trump was going to be
in office. When the
Lord told me, "Brandon, he's
not going to be president in
2020,"I
had so much hate from people. In fact, I
had friends who didn't want to talk to
me anymore. They got really mad at me
and said, "You're missing it. You're not
hearing God."And I said, "The Lord
spoke to me and told me that this is not
going to manifest, that Joe Biden will
run the country for the
timeframe."And
then I saw him being removed and
that Kamala
Harris would
step in. Some people say, "Well,
he wasn't removed all the way. He's
still in office."They don't even know
where he's at right now. Maybe at this
time in this video, they
said he falsified the signature
on the document, and they underlined it,
saying the signatures don't match
up, saying that it's not even him that
signed the piece of paper, saying that
he wasn't going to run anymore. There
are
a lot of conspiracies out there right
now. So I'm just like, what's really
going on? Because I told you all, and this
is what I think is interesting:
I told you all to watch Michelle, to
watch Gavin. I've warned you. I don't
know how many times I've seen Michelle
Obama and Gavin. Hillary is who I thought.
I said, "I saw a woman with short,
sandy blonde hair.
It was right in here on her head, and the
Lord blotted her face. He would not
allow me to see that."Why? I have no
idea. This is what the Lord did. And I
saw them hit her going beside
Kamala
Harris going clear up into
January. So, I
see in
part. This
is just me
adding my intellect to this
word right now. I told you exactly what
I saw, but this is just me thinking now.
Don't say, "Well, you said
this."No,
just listen to
me.
What if
Kamala
Harris is with Hillary?
Because Hillary came out immediately
with Bill and endorsed Kamala Harris.
Then Joe—from what I understand,
people are telling me that Barack
Obama said, "No, not so
fast. This has to be voted on
at the Democratic caucus."Well, if
she ends up taking
it—if
she doesn't take it and they don't get
her in—is he planning to do something
with
Kamala?
Is he planning to do something with
Michelle and maybe Gavin in the future?
I don't know. But I've told you all I've
prayed over that for over
two years now,
that I saw her running with Gavin.
They were a force to be reckoned
with. People
go, "Well, it's a
shoo-in."No.
If Michelle and Gavin go, it
is. We've got to pray. It's like some
people say, "Well, we've got a little
bit of victory here, and we can see the
finish line."It's like the
tortoise and the hare. The hare goes,
"Man, I've got this race,"and he goes
over there and he lays down and takes
a nap because he thinks he can beat that
tortoise. And the tortoise is going, "I
think I can. I think I
can."He's
tripping over himself and he's
falling, and the hare is over there
sleeping. All of a sudden, the
tortoise gets ahead of the
hare,
and the whole story
everyone
knows: the tortoise wins and the
hare
loses because he got overconfident in
his ability to win.
Do not let your guard down
spiritually just because you think we
have won. We have got to take the enemy
camp seriously. And I'm not calling
the Democrats the enemy; I'm
talking about the principalities and
powers and the rulers over the darkness
and spiritual wickedness in high
places. We wrestle not against flesh and
blood, ladies and gentlemen, but against
those things. The Bible's told us that.
So, I never label a human being as an
enemy, ever. But I'm talking about the
demonic forces right now. That's what
I'm trying to say. Never let your guard
down on your enemy, ever. That's the
devil. He has a plan to kill,
steal, and destroy. But the Bible says
that Jesus came that we might have life
and life more abundantly. I'm just
saying a lot of the theologies
line up with
the dark side. And I'm not saying all
the Republican side is always light,
but they have a tendency to sway good.
Never stop and be the hare laying down
so the tortoise can win. Even when we
have the upper hand spiritually and we
see that victory
finish line, don't
let your guard down. I always
say—this
is going to be a gross
illustration—but
it's like an old dead
dog in the road. You keep running it
over until it's a greasy spot.
You've
got to
keep going over it. That's probably a
gross illustration, but you keep hitting
that devil until he's a greasy spot.
Don't give up when you see the
first blade of your miracle. You need
the blade, then the ear, then
the full manifestation of the
whole fruit of the corn. Do not
give up on this. It's time for us to put
our
shields up even stronger and stand up
even greater than what we ever had
before, believing for a turnaround of
our nation, to believe for things to get
better and not worse. It's time to
believe even greater.
Put the
big boys up on the front line of that
football team. It's time to
put the great defensive backs up
there going, "Hey, we're going to stop
the run, and
they're not going to get the
touchdown."That's
what you've got to do.
I probably kicked that too
much, but that's why I
just feel in my spirit to tell you all
it's not time to stop. It's not time to
give up.
It's time to press.
I warned you about that. So go
watch that video of that
covered
wagon
dream that he had. It will bless you.
It's going to make you go, "Oh my
gosh, look at where we are."But look at
what he says afterward. After the
election, there was a flash. And he
talked about this. He said, "I saw a
flash, and everybody was dazed and
confused."He
warned everybody. He
said everybody was dazed and confused, and
everybody was on the East
Coast—they
were all in like cots, and
they were all trying to find shelter and
food and all kinds of stuff. What
happens? I'm
telling you all, the Lord has warned me
there's a storm coming. I've told you
all countless times the Lord has
warned me there's a storm coming. What
is Dana Coverstone? He doesn't directly
say it, but he's kind of insinuating
something. I saw the short-haired
blonde-headed
lady. So that's a
little recap. I saw the short
blonde-headed
lady with Kamala Harris. So
if we see all this stuff panning out,
it looks like that vision, everything I
saw again. It looks like I hit it right
on the head. Let's just see. We'll see
how it pans out.
They're all going
and they're happening almost like
dominoes. Everything that the Lord
showed me about Joe Biden being removed,
I warned you all was coming and it
happened. I said he
will not even be running. It will not
happen. I told you this last year,
2023. I warned you in September of 2023.
I told you this was coming. I
thought it was coming
in
November of 2023.
So, I was seeing in the future what
the Lord was telling me was coming, but
I thought that it was coming that year.
But no, it's almost a whole year later
from
what I saw in the spirit.
I thought this was imminent. That's why I
thought it was imminent; I felt it
inside. This is what's going to happen
this month, this next month. I
even told my son, "We're going to have
an October surprise."Well, we did have
an October surprise for Israel. It was
what the Lord was showing me. I prayed
over it and the Lord told me there's
going to be a serious event take
place. I thought it was about
America, but I was interceding for
Israel and what happened on the
Sabbath. It was a tragic thing that
happened for all those people that were
dragged
and murdered and everything.
It was terrible. I was
interceding for that. But like I said,
it's growing in your gifting; it's
growing in what God's called you to do.
I'm not perfect. I'm learning just
like you all. I'm learning how to flow
in the gift that God has given me.
It takes practice. It takes time. It
takes maturity. And it's a day-to-day
process. Just like how a baby learns
to walk and pull itself up
and crawl and walk and then run and
fall. They keep falling. You learn.
That's how you learn spiritually. You
just keep picking yourself up. You
learn. And that's how we process
things. So, like I said, this is
how I've
learned over the course of the years
I've done things. I just want to
encourage you all that good days are
happening for the body of Christ. Good
days are happening for the people who
will believe him for miracles, signs,
and wonders in these last days. This is
not a time to bury our head in the
sand like an ostrich and say, "Well, I
don't want to know anything more that's
coming."I
try to warn you of these
things. They said, "What are you
telling us all this stuff for? We don't
want to hear about the plague that's
going to kill 350 million
people,"because
I believe we can lessen it. I believe we
can maybe even stop it altogether. I
warned you all that we have power and
authority. If the Lord would have
mercy on Sodom and Gomorrah for
ten
righteous people,
and he said he would
spare the city. He would spare them.
When Abraham was interceding for
that city, how much more with a new
covenant with his son that we have as
believers? If there's 50,000 righteous in
this nation in America or all around the
world asking God for him to
step in and intervene, how much more
would Jesus want to do it for us as
blood-washed,
born-again
children of the most high God? How much
more would he want to step in for us
if he would do it for Abraham and he
called him a friend of God?
And Abraham staggered not at the promise
of God through unbelief, but was strong
in faith, giving glory to God, being
fully persuaded that what he had been
promised, he was able also to perform
it. Ladies and gentlemen, we have to be
fully persuaded that God is a God
of abundance. God is a healer.
God is a God of love. We have to be
fully persuaded. But he brings things
and he wants you to intercede on behalf
of America.
What did Jesus tell me when I had the
visitation? He said, "Brandon, who will
stand in the gap for America? Who will
intercede for America for what's
coming?"I
told you, ladies and
gentlemen, there is a great storm.
Sobering days are coming. But I believe
as believers, we have power and
authority to tread on serpents and
scorpions, and nothing shall by any
means hurt us. I believe with all my
heart that we can speak to the mountain
and tell it to be removed and be thou
cast in the sea if we shall not doubt in
our hearts. I believe you shall have
whatsoever things you say because faith
comes by hearing and hearing by the word
of God. And as you get that word down
inside of you and renew your mind every
day,
life and death is in the power of your
tongue. And what you say out of your
mouth, you're going to start living
tomorrow. What you said out of your mouth
yesterday, you're living today. I'm
telling you, the fruit of what you say
is what you're going to start living
because that's what the Bible says. Life
and death is in the power of the tongue.
You're going to start living it. Ladies
and gentlemen, if you start speaking
blessing over your life instead of
curses, you're going to start living
a blessed life. I believe it. An
abundant life, an overflow life, a life
full of prosperity and health and
healing and wellness for your family.
But you start cursing your husband and
you say, "Oh, he's a
no-good so-and-so.
Oh, my kids are lazy. They don't
ever do nothing."You're going to get
the manifestation of it because you will
have what you say. The Bible tells us
that you will have what you say.
Say something good over your life today,
for life and death is in the power of
your tongue. So, I want to tell you all
this. Let's believe today that God is
turning things around and we will not
see a financial crash crisis.
It may try to come out and do something,
but we can stop it and lessen it. We can
stop it and the plague.
He's warning; the watchman's
on the wall. "Hello. Hello. Look
ahead."And
I'm yelling down on the wall, "Hello.
Hello everybody. Hey, I'm seeing this in
the horizon.
Pray
and
obey."Humble
yourself before the mighty hand
of God and he will exalt you in due
time. He said, "If my people will humble
themselves and pray and turn from their
wicked ways..."Come on, folks. If we
turn from our wicked ways, he said he
would heal our land. He told us we would
hear from heaven and he would heal our
land. He promised us this. So, how much
more do the righteous—we are his
children—how
much more do we have
authority with the new covenant with his
son's blood, have authority to speak to
the mountain in your circumstances to
change? How much more is it that we're
not supposed to walk in fear and
be
tormented by anything? We're
supposed to be the head and not the
tail, above and not beneath. We'll go
through and not go under. Greater is he
that is in you than he that is in the
world.
We're not supposed to be busted and
disgusted, broke, dying, sick, lame,
weak, all of it. Jesus paid the price
for you to live in victory.
But I'm trying to tell you
until Adam's lease is up—it usually
will be at the 6,000 years—when it's
a full 6,000 years and we get ready to
go into the 7,000 years for the
millennial
reign,
we still have to pray and believe
because Adam committed high treason and
he gave the stuff over to the devil.
And the Bible says in Corinthians
that Satan is the god of this world. We
have to take our authority
and we're sealed with him. And
that's why we have to pray. We have to
use our faith because of what Adam did
committing high treason.
He lost it. And Jesus came back and got
it and took death, hell, and
the keys from him. And
now he gave us to be joint heirs with
him. We're joint heirs with Jesus Christ.
But Adam's lease is not up yet. Adam's
lease is not up yet. The devil's still
running over the world.
And so we have to use our authority as
we're here. If you just read the book of
Ephesians over and over and over and
over again, you're going to understand
who you are in Christ, and
pray Ephesians over your mind that
the eyes of your understanding would be
enlightened. And I'm telling you, I pray
that over my mind all the time: 'Let the
eyes of my understanding be
enlightened.'So
I just want to encourage you all
today. I'm trying to stir
you up to believe the impossible.
Believe for the impossible. Believe for
it today. Believe that God can do all
things, and nothing is impossible
to him that believes. All things are
possible to him
who
will
believe. Believe that today. All things.
But don't just say, 'I believe God can
do it for Bobby, Joe, Jeff,
whoever.'Believe
that God can do it for
you. Do you believe Jesus can do it for
you? Do you believe Jesus can heal you
today? You may believe that he can heal
somebody else, but do you believe he
wants to heal you?
Today is your day. You need to think
about you. It's time for you to be a
little bit selfish about this. Say, 'No,
it's my time. I
believe that Jesus wants to heal me. I'm
holding on to the miracle for me. I'm
going to get my miracle
today.'You
can believe for other
people, but I'm just saying sometimes
you have to say, 'Hey, it's about me,
too.'God,
Jesus, Son of David, have
mercy on me! Blind Bartimaeus—he was out
there saying that. He was a
bulldog that day. Think about what he
did. He reached up there and grabbed the
hem of it. He was like, 'Hey, Jesus, Son
of David, have mercy on
me.'He's
reaching out: 'I'm a beggar. I need help.'He
realized
that he needed a
miracle. How much more does Jesus want to
do that for you? He's no respecter
of persons.
If he did it for blind
Bartimaeus,
how much more will he do it for you? Jesus
wants to heal you today. So, let's
believe for your miracle. It's time. We
don't have to believe; we get
to. He wants to do something.
It's like we don't have to give; we get
to give. We get to give to the church.
We get to help out ministries
because Jesus was good to us. So we help
out the church. We help out
people who are preaching the gospel.
That's what we get to do. We don't have to.
So, and that's why I just want to
encourage you all. And first off, I want
to say this: People want to say, 'Who are
you? Are you a prophet? Are you a
pastor? Are you whatever?'I'm none of
the above. In my heart, I'm going to tell
you, ladies and gentlemen, I've never
placed myself in any prophet
role.
I'm not a self-pronounced prophet.
People want to call me that; you can
call me whatever you want to. People
call me a lot of bad things, but if they
want to call me a prophet, whatever.
I'm not going to sit there and
rebut
it and say, 'You're wrong. I'm not a
prophet.'I
don't know. God's called
me to come on here and tell you that
he's coming. I'm not going to
self-proclaim. I'm not a pastor. I don't
have a church. I just talk to you on
YouTube. I tell you what Jesus told me
to tell you. I'm telling you I have a
personal relationship with him and he's
my friend. I have had
nine
visitations, including the one I
just had, of him visiting me and telling
me things. People say, 'You're smoking
something.'No,
I have a relationship
with Jesus. And you can have one with
him, too. Do you want one with him? Do
you want Jesus to come visit you? He'll
come and visit you. If you just have
the
faith of a mustard seed, he said he'll
move a mountain. If you have childlike
faith—go
to him not as
an
adult. We're his children. He didn't say
you're God's little adults;
you're God's little children. So
go to him as a child. Father,
right now in the name of Jesus,
there are so many people that watch
these videos that have needs.
And Father, you said in your word that
you supply all our needs according to
your riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
And I call them healed and whole and
well in the name of Jesus. I speak life
over their bodies, over their cells,
over their brains, over their minds, and
their
wills and emotions. We plead the
blood of Jesus over every single one of
them. And we say, 'Satan, thus far and
no further; you have crossed the
bloodline.'And
we will not stand for it
anymore.
We call healing and wholeness
and wellness over our bodies from the
top of our head to the soles of our
feet. Jesus Christ has paid the price
for us to walk in victory. And I thank
you, Lord, that you said in your word
that by your stripes we are healed.
I thank you, Father, that you said that
you took our poverty. You took all
of our lack, everything.
You became poor that we might be
rich. I thank you, Lord, that we are no
longer broke, busted, and disgusted.
Father, you said, 'Give, and it
shall be given unto us: good measure,
pressed down, shaken together, and
running over shall men give unto our
bosom.'I
thank you, Father, that you
said you'd provide for us. Now, Father,
I call that money in right now in
Jesus'name.
From the north, the south, the
east, the west, we call for finances for
our household.
We call it in, that Father, you are
bringing it in right now with
creative ideas to get wealth. I thank
you, Father, right now that our
angels are bringing forth favor. We have
favor and the angels are bringing forth
the money. I thank you, Father, right now
in Jesus'name. We call deliverance over
all kinds of addictions today,
Father—from
pornography to
drugs to alcohol to gambling to
whatever.
I call them delivered right now in
Jesus'name
from major addictions, things that
have been long strongholds on their
lives.
I thank you, Lord, that they are
free, for whom the Son has set free is
free indeed. And I call them free from
the
bondage of gambling.
I thank you, Lord, that they're free
from pornography. I thank you they're
free from drugs and alcohol. Lord, we
call them delivered in Jesus'name. Now,
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you said
that they have the mind of Christ
according to 2 Timothy 1:7, that God has
not given them a spirit of fear, but of
power and of love and of a
well-balanced mind. And I speak balance
over their minds right now. I rebuke
demonic dreams and torment in their
sleep. We plead the blood of Jesus over
them from the top of their head to the
soles of their feet. And I thank you,
Father, that we have power and authority
over this. And we will not be tormented
anymore.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now in
Jesus'name.
Completely free, completely
covered by the blood.
They will not be
tormented by anything.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that you freed them. I thank you,
Lord, that your blood covers them. I
thank you, Lord Father, that you set
them free, that you've delivered them
from all kinds of disease, all
kinds of
bondage—that
we're not under the curse anymore.
According to Deuteronomy 28,
Galatians says, 'Christ has
redeemed us from the curse of the
law.'And
I give you praise and glory and
honor for it in the name of Jesus. And I
thank you, the best is yet to come.
I call marriages restored. I call marriages to
be whole and healed. Strife
in
marriages to be broken off in
Jesus'name,
and peace to flow in those homes.
That their children that are
wayward
would come home. Father, the children
that are sick and dying and broken and
hurt—Father,
I thank you, Lord, that
they're restored in Jesus'name. And we
thank you, Father, that your son is
coming quickly. And Father, I thank you,
Lord, that there will be no plague of
the 350 million. We take authority over
this demonic attack
that you have warned me of as a watchman on
the wall, telling me that these things
were coming. Father, we use our faith
right now to stop this storm from
coming. We say, 'Storm, cease and be still
in your maneuvering. Cease and be
still.'Father,
I thank you, Lord, that we have
authority over the storm of plagues and
pestilence, over terrorist activity. We
plead the blood over the Olympics.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there
will be no weapon formed against any of
those people that will prosper. We plead
the blood of Jesus over the Olympics,
Father. And we thank you, Lord, that
there is a great covering over every
single person who is there. Father,
they may not even know you, but you
put angels around them, Father, and that
they would know you. I thank you, Lord,
that your hand of protection
is on the athletes and the people.
If there's any kind of harm or any
kind of plot or any kind of anything, I
thank you, Lord, that all hidden things be
revealed today.
I thank you, Father, that there will be a
godly person
in the White House in 2024.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that starting 2025,
we will not have
a financial crisis. I thank you, Father,
that you will turn things on a dime.
Father, that you will delay the
great financial market crash that
you've shown me that's coming, worse
than the Great Depression. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that you would deliver
us from this. Father, that you would
give us one more chance, that you would
give us time, just like you did when
Jonah was warning the
people of Nineveh, and
you told them that you were going to
judge them and everything was going to
go kaput. Father, you gave them
mercy because they turned and
repented. So, Father, as this group
of people, we repent, for you said,
"Judgment comes to the house of the Lord
first."And
Father, we lift up the
nation of America. We lift up the
nations around the world. And we say,
Father, as for us in our house, we will
serve you. And we repent of any
wrongdoing we've done. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that right now we
are calling forth repentance over this
nation. Father, that you would have
mercy on us and that we would turn it
around and we will have one more time,
one great revival, and you'll have us go
home with the catching away of
the church. I thank you, Father, that
you have mercy, that this will not be as
devastating as what I have seen.
Thank you, Father. I thank you, Lord,
that you're a merciful God. And we pray
and we believe that we
receive. We ask, Father, in your Son's
name, have mercy on us.
In Jesus'name, have mercy on us, Lord.
We love you and we thank you, Lord, for
every single person that's here today.
And we praise you, God. We worship you
and we thank you, God, for all that
you've done and all that you continue to
do in Jesus'name. Amen, amen, and amen.
Well, like I said, if you could like
our videos and click subscribe if you
haven't subscribed yet. That's just
where I'm at. I believe we can
turn things around. I pray you
prayed with me today and believe with me
that all things are possible to him that
believes.
Well, put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you, and we will
see you all next time. God bless you all
and have a wonderful day. Bye-bye.